Introduce multiple map canvas and map view interaction (#4971)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/introduction/qgis_gui.rst

performed, so only features falling within the current map canvas extent
will be visible.

> While the focus is over the map view:

Reviewer: What is meant by "focus is over"? Could this be rephrased?

* it can be panned, shifting the display to another region of the map:
  this is performed using the |pan| :sup:`Pan Map` tool, the arrow keys,
  moving the mouse while any of the :kbd:`Space` key, the middle mouse
  button or the mouse wheel is held down.
* it can be zoomed in and out, with the dedicated |zoomIn| :sup:`Zoom In`
  and |zoomIn| :sup:`Zoom Out` tools. Hold the :kbd:`Alt` key to switch from
  one tool to the other. Zooming is also performed by rolling
  the wheel forward to zoom in and backwards to zoom out.
  The zoom is centered on the mouse cursor position.

  You can customize the :guilabel:`Zoom factor` under the
  :menuselection:`Settings --> Options --> Map tools` menu.

> * it can be zoomed to the full extent of loaded layers (|zoomFullExtent|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* it can be zoomed to the full extent of all loaded layers (|zoomFullExtent|
```

  :sup:`Zoom Full`), to a layer extent (|zoomToLayer| :sup:`Zoom to Layer`)
  or to the extent of selected features (|zoomToSelected| :sup:`Zoom to Selection`)

> * you can navigate back/forward through canvas view history with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* you can navigate back/forward through the canvas view history with
```

  the |zoomLast|:sup:`Zoom Last` and |zoomNext|:sup:`Zoom Next` buttons
  or using the back/forward mouse buttons.

> By default, QGIS opens a single map view (so called "main map"), which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, QGIS opens a single map view (called "main map"), which is
```

> tightly bound to the :guilabel:`Layers` panel; the main map *automatically*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tightly bound to the :guilabel:`Layers` panel. The main map *automatically*
```

reflects the changes you make in the :guilabel:`Layers` panel area.

> But it's possible to have additional map views to preview different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But it is possible to have additional map views to include different
```

renderings of your dataset, side by side; while still relying on

> the layers properties as set in the :guilabel:`Layers` panel, each map view

Reviewer: Could "layers properties" be changed to something that is easier to understand?

can display a different set of layers at different scale and extent.

.. _additional_map_views:

Setting additional map views
----------------------------

To add a new map view, go to :menuselection:`View -->` |newMap|

> :menuselection:`New Map View`. A new floating widget displaying the layers

Reviewer: "displaying the layers rendering" - I don't understand what this means. Could it be reformulated?

rendering is added to QGIS. You can add as many map views as you need.
They can be kept floating, placed side by side or stacked on top of each
other.

.. _figure_mapviews:

.. figure:: img/map_views.png
   :align: center
   :width: 100%

   Multiple map views with different settings

> At the top of an additional map canvas, there's a toolbar with following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the top of an additional map canvas, there's a toolbar with the following
```
